# Recipe

Aaron's recipe book.

* Edit
* View

See [README-angular.md](README-angular.md) for the original README generated by Angular.

## Development

### Angular dev server

Run `npm run start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io). Navigate to `http://localhost:9876/` to interact with the testing application.

You can run the tests once, on a headless browser with `npm run test:once`. This will also generate a coverage report.

### Deploying to S3

Run `./scripts/upload.sh`. This will do the following:

* Run unit tests
* Build the prod version of the application
* Copy artifacts to S3

After this, you will be able to visit the application at: https://recipe-hosting.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/index.html

## TODO List

See the issues tab in GitHub for more information, as well.

* Use CloudFront or another hosting provider to host the application bundle
* OAuth integration
  * Log in with your Google account
  * Automate the new user process
  * Account tracking
* Recipe service
  * API GW + Lambda function
  * Mediate access to storage
* Online help features
  * Basic online help in response to F1
  * Help icons next to most controls
* Home screen
  * Case-insensitive sort for recipe list
  * Filter recipes by title
* Add new fields to recipe
  * source - where did this recipe come from
  * url - the URL associated with the source
  * tags - a list of tags for recipe search
* Ingredient should be able to have "null" units
* Recipe editor should be able to select tabs via URL
* Recipe doubling
* Search by ingredients
* Export recipes
  * What export format?
  * Is there any kind of standard for representing recipes?
* US/metric quantity conversions
